like it that's perfect we set up cameras
in all of the rooms every single rooms
got a cap so basically if
we're gonna see
[Applause]
[Music]
I love with him on my Beach
nine-one-one I'd like to report an
emergency there's a demon in my house me
wake up not you stay asleep
hmm search why don't you tell for
nothing about the ghost you saw like you
would I'm serious I think you should
join our team you know we're shooting a
documentary
Oh me and Serge already working on a
movie and we would just appreciate your
insight I'm in her name was that Brad
what the [ __ ] man I'm trying to do this
there's something going on in this house
I just felt like this really present let
me just pick up I wasn't ready for the
just that was just you know I think I
think we should take this to the next
level I would love to know more about
this murder scene right go right I guess
this lady died here we live in a
whorehouse Serge
that is the hottest crazy chick I have
ever met in my life
I don't know it just it was here all of
a sudden then you came in and it
disappeared I thought it was you no no
okay we're ghost team one ghost in one
because the penalty there's more than
one
no because [ __ ] ghost team is stupid
okay we're ghost team one